Dr. Kenneth Moreland is a senior research scientist at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He received BS degrees in computer science and in electrical engineering from the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology in 1997. He received MS and Ph.D. degrees in computer science from the University of New Mexico in 2000 and 2004, respectively. Dr. Moreland specializes in large-scale visualization and graphics and plays an active role in the development of several HPC products including ParaView, VTK, IceT, Catalyst, and VTK-m. His current interests include the design and development of visualization algorithms and systems to run on multi-core, many-core, and future-generation computer hardware.

Dr. Tushar M. Athawale is a research scientist in the Visualization Group at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He holds the position of Joint Faculty Assistant Professor in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) Department of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville. He received MS and Ph.D. degrees in computer science from the University of Florida in 2014 and 2015, respectively. He specializes in uncertainty visualization and has developed multiple novel algorithms for uncertainty analysis of scientific data using fundamental visualization techniques, including isosurfaces, direct volume rendering, and topology. His current research interests include large-scale data analysis, statistical analysis, topological analysis, and high-performance computing for efficient, accurate, and trusted scientific analysis and discovery.

Vicente Adolfo Bolea Sanchez is a senior R&D engineer at Kitware, Inc. He received BSc degrees in computer science and in technology management/information systems/entrepreneurship from the Ulsan National Institute of Sciences and Technology (UNIST) in the Republic of Korea in 2017. He received an MSc degree in computer science from UNIST with a specialization in big data systems in 2019. Vicente has worked for DICL Lab, Fraunhofer institute, ThinkParQ GmbH, and Kitware, Inc as a core developer of renown open source HPC software such as BeeGFS, ParaView, VTK, VTK-m, Adios2. He is currently passionate about open source HPC software development and engineering and he is an enthusiastic contributor of several open source projects such as OpenSUSE, Spack, and Conda-Forge.

Dr. Mark Bolstad is a Principled Member of the Technical Staff at Sandia National Laboratories. He received a BS in Math and Computer Science from UCLA in 1985. He received MS and Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in 2010 and 2017 respectively. Dr. Bolstad specializes in large-scale visualization and graphics and plays an active role in the development of several HPC products including ParaView, and VTK-m. His current interests include the intersection of scientific visualization with high-end rendering techniques and the use of XR.

Eric Brugger is a Computer Scientist at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. He has over 30 years’ experience developing and using scientific visualization and analysis software. He was one of the original developers of the VisIt visualization and analysis tool. He received an R&D 100 award as part of the development team of VisIt. His research interests include large-scale scientific visualization and analysis and scientific data modeling.

Dr. Hank Childs is a Professor in the Computer Science Department at the University of Oregon. He received his Ph.D. in computer science from the University of California at Davis in 2006. Hank's research focuses on scientific visualization, high performance computing, and the intersection of the two.

Dr. Axel Huebl is a computational physicist working as Research Scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL). He received his degrees in Physics from Technical University Dresden, Germany while working at Helmholtz-Zentrum Dresden Rossendorf (HZDR), completing his PhD in 2019. His research interests lie at the interfaces of HPC, laser-plasma physics, and advanced particle accelerator research. He drives open standards in his community, is the software architect of the Beam, Plasma & Accelerator Simulation Toolkit (BLAST), and is a lead-developer of Exascale simulation software such as WarpX (2022 Gordon Bell Prize Winner), ImpactX and AMReX/pyAMReX.

Li-Ta Lo a.k.a Ollie received a B.S. in Physics from National Chung-Hsing University in 1995 and a M.S. in Applied Mechanics from National Taiwan University in 1997. He joined Los Alamos National Laboratory in 2003, after working in the semiconductor industry for 4 years. As a multi-disciplined, multi-cultured person, he has enjoyed working with several teams and a diverse set of projects during his career at LANL. His current research interest includes data science, large-scale visualization and analysis, data-parallel programming and software engineering for scientific computing.

Dr. Geveci leads the scientific computing team at Kitware Inc. He is one of the leading developers of the ParaView visualization application and the Visualization Toolkit (VTK). His research interests include large scale parallel computing, computational dynamics, finite elements and visualization algorithms. Dr. Geveci regularly publishes and teaches courses at conferences including IEEE Visualization and Supercomputing conferences.

Dr. Nicole Marsaglia is a Computer Scientist in Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory’s Computing Directorate. She is a software developer on Ascent, a flyweight in situ analysis and visualization library, for HPC multi-physics simulations. Dr. Marsaglia received her BS in Pure and Applied Mathematics in 2014 and received her PhD in Computer Science in 2021 from the University of Oregon. Her research interests include automatic visualization, distributed algorithms, and in situ analysis.

Sujin Philip is a Staff R&D Engineer at Kitware Inc. He joined Kitware in 2014. He received his B.E. in Computer Science from the University of Pune, India, in 2006. After receiving his degree, he worked for three years at Persistent Systems, India, before joining the University of Utah for his M.S. in Computer Science with a specialization in Graphics and Visualization. During his MS program, Sujin worked at the Scientific Computing and Imaging Institute, in Dr. Valerio Pascucci's group, where he conducted research on distributed and hybrid parallel processing of massive images. He also did internships at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Los Alamos National Laboratory during this time. Sujin's expertise is in high performance computing and scientific visualization, utilizing shared and distributed memory parallelism and GPU compute. He has been one of the core developers of VTK-m.

Dr. David Pugmire is a distinguished research scientist at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He received his BS in computer science from the University of Utah in 1997. He received a Ph.D. degree in computer science from the University of Utah in 2000. Dr. Pugmire has worked in large-scale visualization of scientific data on HPC resources. He actively contributes to several software products including VTK-m, VisIt, Fides, and VTK. His research has focused on scalable flow analysis, in situ processing, and visualization algorithms for multi-core computer hardware.

Silvio Rizzi is a Computer Scientist at the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility, with research interests in large-scale scientific visualization and analysis, display technologies, and immersive environments. He holds an MS in Electrical and Computer Engineering and a PhD in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from the University of Illinois-Chicago.

Zhe Wang was a postdoctoral researcher at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He earned a Master of Science in Software Engineering at Zhejiang University, Zhejiang, China, and a Doctorate in Computer Science at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, New Jersey. His research interests include scalability and performance of visualization tasks under different in situ configurations on high performance computing systems.

Dr. Abhishek Yenpure is a Senior R&D Engineer at Kitware Inc. Prior to joining Kitware, he received his PhD. in Computer Science from the University of Oregon in 2022 with research focused on improving the performance of scientific visualization algorithms while using GPUs. At Kitware, Dr. Yenpure works with various domain scientists to help augment their data analysis workflows by using and contributing to open-source technologies like ParaView, VTK, VTK-m, Catalyst, and Trame. He is passionate about using his background in visualization in visualization and HPC to solve today's critical challenges, like fusion energy and climate science research.
